.. title: Como loco con las películas
.. date: 2014-11-11 22:15:06
.. tags: como, loco, con, las, películas

Gran cantidad de películas vistas, principalmente porque tuve un par de viajes en el medio (y en uno en particular, tanto en la ida como en el regreso, tenía enchufe en el asiento, así que pude ver varias pelis sin preocuparme de la duración de la batería de la laptop).

Y también porque vi varias en casa. Como contrapartida, vengo atrasado con las series... pero bueno :)

- `A Good Day to Die Hard <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1606378/>`_: -0. Algunos momentos de humor. No mucho más, demasiado repetido todo.

- `Branded <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1368440/>`_: -0. Demasiado volada. Tiene una idea interesante, y una historia, pero no se llevan bien del todo.

- `Dark Shadows <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077368/>`_: -0. Una gran colección de actores para una historia que ni fú ni fá.

- `Emergo <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1757742/>`_: -0. Tiene algunas cosas muy interesantes, pero todo ese tipo de películas donde tenés una imagen quieta durante un minuto y de repente se mueve o pasa algo, me aburren profundamente.

- `Extraterrestre <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1680133/>`_: -0. Algunos momentos tiene, y la historia de la película no está mal, es una mirada nueva. Pero en general me aburrió :/

- `Hit and Run <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2097307/>`_: -0. Una comedia romanticona más, principalmente de persecuciones y disparos. Berreta, pero con sus momentos de humor.

- `Into the Mind <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2673812/>`_: +0. La historia no vale demasiado... pero la fotografía es absolutamente genial.

- `Intruders <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1634121/>`_: +0. No es la gran cosa a nivel de terror, pero tiene giros interesantes, y me mantuvo atrapado hasta el final.

- `Iron Man 3 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1300854/>`_: +0. Un poco más de lo mismo, pero dentro de eso, la película está bien, y es un correcto cierre a la historia.

- `Meeting Evil <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1810697/>`_: -1. Dos escenas. O tres. Nada más.

- `Metegol <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1634003/>`_: +1. La historia está buena, y la animación es inmejorable, muy buena peli.

- `Muppets Most Wanted <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2281587/>`_: +0. Es *obviamente* para chicos... pero es linda.

- `Oblivion <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1483013/>`_: +0. Una buena película de ciencia ficción y acción. Podría ser mejor con alguna que otra mejor actuación, si fuese menos previsible, y sin un par de errores conceptuales en la historia. Pero zafa, cumple.

- `One for the Money <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1598828/>`_: +0. Comedia romántica con algo de acción... muy muy liviana, pero divertida.

- `Savages <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1615065/>`_: +0. La historia no es la gran cosa, pero muy bien contada! Buenas actuaciones, buena fotografía, buena dirección.

- `Side Effects <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2053463/>`_: -0. Un poco lenta, algo predecible, y con un final bleh. Tiene sus momentos interesantes y algunos giros, pero no alcanza.

- `Side by Side <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2014338/>`_: +1. Muy buena película que muestra la evolución en la tecnología del cine. Muy bien armada la película, maravillosamente contada.

- `Skyfall <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1074638/>`_: +0. Es una buena película de James Bond (con floja participación de chicas Bond, sin embargo). Si te gusta, bien, sino a otra cosa.

- `The Adjustment Bureau <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1385826/>`_: +1. Muy buena historia, muy bien explicado lo que tiene sentido explicar (dejando afuera lo que no tiene sentido, claro), muy interesante todo el concepto.

- `The Amazing Spider-Man <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0948470/>`_: +0. La peli está buena, pero está muy pegada al original, con lo cual es como ver un remake de la película de hace sólo ~10 años, y eso le resta muchísimo.

- `The Bourne Legacy <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1194173/>`_: -0. Una peli de persecuciones. No vale la pena. Sí, tiene algo alrededor, pero nada nuevo contra las Bournes anteriores. En resumen... te entretiene, pero no vale la pena.

- `The Call <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1911644/>`_: +0. La peli no está mal, las actuaciones muy buenas y la historia.... bien hasta el final. O sea, hasta cuatro minutos antes del final :/

- `The Debt <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1226753/>`_: -0. La historia tiene un trasfondo interesante... pero me aburrió demasiado.

- `The Last Stand <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1549920/>`_: -0. "Hagamos una con Arnold, que está viejo, repitiendo clichés; pongamos a una parejita linda como ayudantes, y algunos actores buenos para que le den estructura". La peli es de esas que los malos, los buenos y los buenos están todo el tiempo disparando para ver quien la tiene más larga.

- `The Paperboy <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1496422/>`_: -0. La historia está buena... demasiado sórdida, quizás, sin mucho sentido; es como una pequeña imagen de algo que no llegó a crecer, se nota que le falta profundidad en muchos aspectos (al final te enterás que es basada en una novela, eso lo explica).

- `Total Recall <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1386703/>`_: -0. No me gustó... por lo fantasioso. O sea, si va a ser una película de ciencia ficción, todo bien, pero que sea más o menos en serio. Si van a agarrar un libro de Philip K. Dick y lo van a llevar a la pantalla estilo Underworld, no da...

De este lado, también un montonazo de películas nuevas! Parece que se pusieron las pilas con temas interesantes. Ojo, también hay algunas que son viejas y me las recomendaron hace poco.

Una novedad es que empecé a incluir de qué va la peli (argumento, fecha, género, actores, director), lo que puede servirle a alguien para a priori descartarla o decidir de buscar más info. Obviamente, no los escribo yo, sino que los estoy sacando de IMDB; sí, ya sé, está en inglés... pero es mejor que nada.

- `7 cajas <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2333598/>`_ (2012; Action, Thriller) It's Friday night in Asunción, Paraguay and the temperature is sweltering. Víctor, a 17-year-old wheelbarrow delivery boy, dreams of becoming famous and covets a fancy cellular phone in the infamous Mercado 4. He's offered a chance to deliver seven boxes with unknown contents in exchange for a quick US$100. But what sounds like an easy job soon gets complicated. Something in the boxes is highly coveted and Víctor and his pursuers quickly find themselves caught up in a crime they know nothing about. [D: Juan Carlos Maneglia, Tana Schembori; A: Celso Franco, Víctor Sosa, Lali Gonzalez]

- `All Is Lost <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2017038/>`_ (2013; Action, Adventure, Drama) Deep into a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, an unnamed man (Redford) wakes to find his 39-foot yacht taking on water after a collision with a shipping container left floating on the high seas. With his navigation equipment and radio disabled, the man sails unknowingly into the path of a violent storm. Despite his success in patching the breached hull, his mariner's intuition and a strength that belies his age, the man barely survives the tempest. Using only a sextant and nautical maps to chart his progress, he is forced to rely on ocean currents to carry him into a shipping lane in hopes of hailing a passing vessel. But with the sun unrelenting, sharks circling and his meager supplies dwindling, the ever-resourceful sailor soon finds himself staring his mortality in the face. [D: J.C. Chandor; A: Robert Redford]

- `Autómata <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1971325/>`_ (2014; Sci-Fi, Thriller) Jacq Vaucan is an insurance agent of ROC robotics corporation who investigates cases of robots violating their primary protocols against harming humans. What he discovers will have profound consequences for the future of humanity. [D: Gabe Ibáñez; A: Antonio Banderas, Birgitte Hjort Sørensen, Melanie Griffith]

- `Camp X-Ray <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2994190/>`_ (2014; Drama) A young soldier escapes her suffocating small town by joining the military, only to find that she isn't going for a tour of duty in Iraq as she hoped. Instead, she's sent to Guantanamo. Met with hatred and abuse from the men in her charge, she forges an odd friendship with a young man who has been imprisoned at Gitmo for eight years. [D: Peter Sattler; A: Nawal Bengholam, Peyman Moaadi, Lane Garrison]

- `El Ardor <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1384925/>`_ (2014; Drama, Western) A mysterious man emerges from the Argentinean rainforest to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a poor farmer after mercenaries murder her father and take over his property. [D: Pablo Fendrik; A: Gael García Bernal, Alice Braga, Claudio Tolcachir]

- `Focus <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2381941/>`_ (2015; Comedy, Crime, Drama, Romance) A veteran grifter takes a young, attractive woman under his wing, but things get complicated when they become romantically involved. [D: Glenn Ficarra, John Requa; A: Margot Robbie, Will Smith, Rodrigo Santoro]

- `Interstellar <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0816692/>`_ (2014; Adventure, Sci-Fi) In the near future Earth has been devastated by drought and famine, causing a scarcity in food and extreme changes in climate. When humanity is facing extinction, a mysterious rip in the space-time continuum is discovered, giving mankind the opportunity to widen their lifespan. A group of explorers must travel beyond our solar system in search of a planet that can sustain life. The crew of the Endurance are required to think bigger and go further than any human in history as they embark on an interstellar voyage, into the unknown. Coop, the pilot of the Endurance, must decide between seeing his children again and the future of the human race. [D: Christopher Nolan; A: Ellen Burstyn, Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy]

- `The Hunger Games <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1392170/>`_ (2012; Sci-Fi) In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided between 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss's young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart, Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. [D: Gary Ross; A: Stanley Tucci, Wes Bentley, Jennifer Lawrence]

- `La Vénus à la fourrure <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2406252/>`_ (2013; Drama) An actress attempts to convince a director how she's perfect for a role in his upcoming production. [D: Roman Polanski; A: Emmanuelle Seigner, Mathieu Amalric]

- `Laggies <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2034031/>`_ (2014; Comedy, Romance) In the throes of a quarter-life crisis, Megan panics when her boyfriend proposes, then, taking an opportunity to escape for a week, hides out in the home of her new friend, 16-year-old Annika, who lives with her world-weary single dad. [D: Lynn Shelton; A: Keira Knightley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sam Rockwell]

- `Mad Max: Fury Road <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1392190/>`_ (2015; Action, Adventure, Thriller) An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland. [D: George Miller; A: Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult]

- `Mortdecai <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3045616/>`_ (2015; Action, Comedy) Juggling some angry Russians, the British Mi5, his impossibly leggy wife and an international terrorist, debonair art dealer and part time rogue Charlie Mortdecai must traverse the globe armed only with his good looks and special charm in a race to recover a stolen painting rumored to contain the code to a lost bank account filled with Nazi gold. [D: David Koepp; A: Johnny Depp, Olivia Munn, Aubrey Plaza]

- `Primer <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390384/>`_ (2004; Drama, Thriller, Sci-Fi) At night and on weekends, four men in a suburban garage have built a cottage industry of error-checking devices. But, they know that there is something more. There is some idea, some mechanism, some accidental side effect that is standing between them and a pure leap of innovation. And so, through trial and error they are building the device that is missing most. However, two of these men find the device and immediately realize that it is too valuable to market. The limit of their trust in each other is strained when they are faced with the question, If you always want what you can't have, what do you want when you can have anything? [D: Shane Carruth; A: Shane Carruth, David Sullivan, Casey Gooden]

- `Relatos salvajes <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3011894/>`_ (2014; Comedy, Drama, Thriller) A story about love deception, the return of the past, a tragedy, or even the violence contained in an everyday detail, appear themselves to push them towards the abyss, into the undeniable pleasure of losing control. [D: Damián Szifrón; A: Liliana Ackerman, Luis Manuel Altamirano García, Alejandro Angelini]

- `Stealing Beauty <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117737/>`_ (1996; Drama, Romance) After her mother commits suicide, nineteen year old Lucy Harmon travels to Italy to have her picture painted. However, she has other reasons for wanting to go. She wants to renew her acquaintance with Nicolo Donati, a young boy with whom she fell in love on her last visit four years ago. She also is trying tosolve the riddle left in a diary written by her dead mother, Sara. [D: Bernardo Bertolucci; A: Carlo Cecchi, Sinéad Cusack, Joseph Fiennes]

- `The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2310332/>`_ (2014; Adventure, Fantasy) Bilbo and Company are forced to be embraced in a war against an armed flock of combatants and the terrifying Smaug from acquiring a kingdom of treasure and obliterating all of Middle-Earth. [D: Peter Jackson; A: Benedict Cumberbatch, Luke Evans, Evangeline Lilly]

- `The Imitation Game <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2084970/>`_ (2014; Biography, Drama, Thriller, War) Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing, the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, during the darkest days of World War II. [D: Morten Tyldum; A: Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode]

- `The Maze Runner <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1790864/>`_ (2014; Action, Mystery, Sci-Fi, Thriller) Thomas wakes up in an elevator, remembering nothing but his own name. He emerges into a world of about 60 teen boys who have learned to survive in a completely enclosed environment, subsisting on their own agriculture and supplies. A new boy arrives every 30 days. The original group has been in "The Glade" for two years, trying to find a way to escape through the Maze that surrounds their living space. They have begun to give up hope. Then a comatose girl arrives with a strange note, and their world begins to change. There are some great, fast-paced action scenes, particularly those involving the nightmarish Grievers who plague the boys. [D: Wes Ball; A: Dylan O'Brien, Aml Ameen, Ki Hong Lee]

- `The Scribbler <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2396721/>`_ (2014; Thriller) THE SCRIBBLER follows Suki (Katie Cassidy), a young woman confronting her destructive mental illness using "The Siamese Burn," an experimental machine designed to eliminate multiple personalities. The closer Suki comes to being "cured," she's haunted by a thought - what if the last unwanted identity turns out to be her? [D: John Suits; A: Katie Cassidy, Garret Dillahunt, Michelle Trachtenberg]

- `The Book of Life <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2262227/>`_ (2014; Animation, Adventure, Comedy, Family, Fantasy, Romance) From producer Guillermo del Toro and director Jorge Gutierrez comes an animated comedy with a unique visual style. THE BOOK OF LIFE is the journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears. Rich with a fresh take on pop music favorites, THE BOOK OF LIFE encourages us to celebrate the past while looking forward to the future. [D: Jorge R. Gutierrez; A: Diego Luna, Zoe Saldana, Channing Tatum]

- `The Judge <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1872194/>`_ (2014; Drama) Hank Palmer is a successful defense attorney in Chicago, who is getting a divorce. When His brother calls with the news that their mother has died, Hank returns to his childhood home to attend the funeral. Despite the brittle bond between Hank and the Judge, Hank must come to his fathers aid and defend him in court. Here, Hank discovers the truth behind the case, which binds together the dysfunctional family and reveals the struggles and secrecy of the family. [D: David Dobkin; A: Robert Downey Jr., Robert Duvall, Vera Farmiga]

- `The November Man <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2402157/>`_ (2014; Action, Crime, Thriller) Peter Devereaux is a former CIA agent who is asked by the man he worked for that their person who in Russia who is presently close to a man running for President, who is believed to have committed crimes during the Chechen war, can give them the name of someone who can prove it. His friend says that she will only come to him. So he goes and she gets the info and tries to get out but the man finds out and tries to get her. Peter arrives and gets her but as they are getting away they're shot at. She is killed but tells Peter the name before she dies. Peter kills the men who attacked them but when he sees the leader, Mason, a man he trained, he realizes the CIA is involved. He tries to find the person and the only person who might know where she is, is Alice Fournier, the social worker who helped her when she came to the West. A CIA bigwig comes and orders that Devereaux be taken out and wants Mason to take care of it. An assassin whom the Presidential candidate sent to make sure no one wrecks his chances of becoming President. Devereaux finds Alice and tries to protect while trying to find the girl. [D: Roger Donaldson; A: Pierce Brosnan, Luke Bracey, Olga Kurylenko]

- `Tomorrowland <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1964418/>`_ (2015; Mystery, Sci-Fi) Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." [D: Brad Bird; A: Britt Robertson, George Clooney, Judy Greer]

- `Under the Skin <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1441395/>`_ (2013; Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller) A female drives a van through the roads and streets of Scotland seducing lonely men. [D: Jonathan Glazer; A: Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy McWilliams, Lynsey Taylor Mackay]

Finalmente, el conteo de pendientes por fecha::

    (Ene-2009)    1    1
    (May-2009)    5
    (Oct-2009)   14
    (Mar-2010)   18   16    4
    (Sep-2010)   18   18   18    9    2    1
    (Dic-2010)   13   12   12   12    5    1
    (Abr-2011)   23   23   23   23   22   17    4
    (Ago-2011)   12   11   11   11   11   11   11    4
    (Ene-2012)   21   21   18   17   17   17   17   11    3
    (Jul-2012)        15   15   15   15   15   15   14   11
    (Nov-2012)             12   12   11   11   11   11   11    6
    (Feb-2013)                  19   19   16   15   14   14    9
    (Jun-2013)                       19   18   16   15   15   15
    (Sep-2013)                            18   18   18   18   17
    (Dic-2013)                                 14   14   12   12
    (Abr-2014)                                       9    9    8
    (Jul-2014)                                           10   10
    (Nov-2014)                                                24
    Total:      125  117  113  118  121  125  121  110  103  101
