.. title: Películas y series a mansalva
.. date: 2015-06-06 19:16:58
.. tags: películas, series, mansalva

Buena temporada para ver películas fue.

Y además, le metí pilas a las series (estoy aprovechando que los niños ya duermen bien, y tengo un rato a la noche al acostarme): arranqué con Games of Thrones (ya ví las primeras tres temporadas), metí también la segunda de Tremé, estoy viendo Seinfeld (en orden, luego de años y años de agarrar cualquier capítulo al azar al hacer zapping en la noche) y arranqué con The L Word.

- `After Earth <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1815862/>`_: +0. Buena película de ciencia ficción; a la parte humana le falta, intenta ir por ahí pero le falta actores.

- `Before Midnight <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2209418/>`_: -0. Los diálogos están buenos, pero siendo la tercera de la serie, le falta resolución, le falta consistencia.

- `Europa Report <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2051879/>`_: -0. Conceptualmente interesante, pero el mecanismo de "contar la película por las cámaras del lugar" es trillado y mal llevado. Y hacer efectitos para asustar o sorprender la aberreta mucho, una lástima.

- `Generation Um... <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1718158/>`_: -1. Lenta, desconexa, con una historia que bleh. No la pude ni terminar de ver.

- `Gravity <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1454468/>`_: +1. Notable lo que se puede hacer con solo dos actores :p. Me gustó mucho el lado "real" de una peli en el espacio, que uno normalmente no ve.

- `Hitchcock <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0975645/>`_: +0. Un personaje del que no sabía mucho (ni tampoco soy un fan especial de sus películas) y la historia alrededor de su película (quizás) más famosa. Muy buenas actuaciones.

- `It's a Disaster <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1995341/>`_: -0. Tiene sus momentos interesantes, pero se queda a medias tintas y no llega a ser.

- `La reconstrucción <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2718462/>`_: +0. Un poco lenta, pero muy buena historia. La actuación de Peretti es genial.

- `Machete Kills <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2002718/>`_: +0. Si te gusta este estilo de películas, mirala, zafa. Si no, ni te acerques.

- `Pandora's Promise <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1992193/>`_: +0. Hay que ir con mucho cuidado con este tipo de películas, pero aunque no me crea todas las respuestas, me da un montón de preguntas para el análisis.

- `Paranoia <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1413495/>`_: -0. La historia tiene un núcleo interesante, y las actuaciones están bien, pero la película está orientada mal. Podría haber sido un thriller de suspenso, una de espías interesante, y termina siendo un dramón adolescentoide, :/

- `Riddick <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1411250/>`_: -0. Menos de lo mismo (?). O sea, se pierde parte de la esencia del personaje, y se exageran otras. Demasiada testosterona sin sentido, en mi opinión.

- `Rush <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1979320/>`_: +0. Una gran historia, incluso si no te gusta la fórmula 1 (pero si te gustan los autos, suma, claro que sí).

- `Seventh Son <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1121096/>`_: -1. Una colección de clichés en una película demasiado predecible.

- `Sound City <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2306745/>`_: +0. Es una historia muy puntual, pero es linda, es verídica, y habla de la gente, de la calidad, y de tratar de hacer bien las cosas.

- `The Counselor <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2193215/>`_: -0. Un gran "alrededor" de una historia que le faltó bastante. Una lástima, porque todo eso estaba muy bien, grandes actores, etc... pero sin el soporte de una historia decente como núcleo, no vale pena.

- `The Last Days on Mars <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1709143/>`_: -0. Bleh, es una de zombies en el espacio. Nada interesante.

- `This Is 40 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1758830/>`_: -0. Varias partes divertidas, y bastantes donde rozan cosas que pasan en una familia tipo; pero no me sentí identificado (quizás porque la dinámica familiar yanqui es distinta a la nuestra), así que bleh.

- `Trance <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1924429/>`_: +1. Es de esas pelis que a medida que te van explicando qué pasa te vas dando cuenta que entendés menos y menos, hasta que entendiste todo. Interesante.


`Anotadas <http://www.taniquetil.com.ar/facundo/bdvfiles/peliculas.html>`_ para el futuro:

- `Amy <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2870648/>`_ (2015; Documentary, Biography, Music) Asif Kapadia's 90' minutes documentary on the six-time Grammy-winner will feature previously unseen archive footage and seek to tell the London performer's tragic story in her own words. Amy Winehouse died from alcoholic poisoning in July 2011 at the age of 27. James Gay-Rees will produce through Playmaker Films and Universal Music is on board as co-producer. "This is an incredibly modern, emotional and relevant film that has the power to capture the zeitgeist and shine a light on the world we live in, in a way that very few films can," said Kapadia and Gay-Rees. Amy was a once-in-a-generation talent who captured everyone's attention. She wrote and sung from the heart and everyone fell under her spell. But tragically Amy seemed to fall apart under the relentless media attention, her troubled relationships, her global success and precarious lifestyle. As a society we celebrated her huge success but then we were quick to judge her failings when it suited us." [D: Asif Kapadia; A: Amy Winehouse]

- `Hotel Transylvania 2 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2510894/>`_ (2015; Animation, Comedy, Family) The Drac pack is back for an all-new monster comedy adventure in Sony Pictures Animation's Hotel Transylvania 2! Everything seems to be changing for the better at Hotel Transylvania... Dracula's rigid monster-only hotel policy has finally relaxed, opening up its doors to human guests. But behind closed coffins, Drac is worried that his adorable half-human, half-vampire grandson, Dennis, isn't showing signs of being a vampire. So while Mavis is busy visiting her human in-laws with Johnny - and in for a major cultural shock of her own - "Vampa" Drac enlists his friends Frank, Murray, Wayne and Griffin to put Dennis through a "monster-in-training" boot camp. But little do they know that Drac's grumpy and very old, old, old school dad Vlad is about to pay a family visit to the hotel. And when Vlad finds out that his great-grandson is not a pure blood - and humans are now welcome at Hotel Transylvania - things are going to get batty! [D: Genndy Tartakovsky; A: Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, Keegan-Michael Key]

- `Inside Out <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2096673/>`_ (2015; Animation, Comedy, Family) Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Like all of us, Riley is guided by her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness. The emotions live in Headquarters, the control center inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life. As Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in San Francisco, turmoil ensues in Headquarters. Although Joy, Riley's main and most important emotion, tries to keep things positive, the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. [D: Pete Docter, Ronaldo Del Carmen; A: Diane Lane, Rashida Jones, Amy Poehler]

- `Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2381249/>`_ (2015; Action, Adventure, Thriller) Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF. [D: Christopher McQuarrie; A: Tom Cruise, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg]

- `Point Break <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2058673/>`_ (2015; Action, Crime, Thriller) A young FBI agent infiltrates an extraordinary team of extreme sports athletes he suspects of masterminding a string of unprecedented, sophisticated corporate heists. Deep undercover, and with his life in danger, he strives to prove these athletes are the architects of the mind-boggling crimes that are devastating the world's financial markets. Filmed on four continents, North America, Europe, South America and Asia, "Point Break" presents extraordinary feats performed by the world's top extreme sports athletes, and involves some of the most daring exploits ever committed to film. Extreme sports featured include snowboarding, wingsuit flying, free rock climbing, high-speed motocross, and surfing 70-foot waves. [D: Ericson Core; A: Teresa Palmer, Luke Bracey, Édgar Ramírez]

- `The Face of an Angel <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2967008/>`_ (2014; Drama) THE FACE OF AN ANGEL tells the story of a journalist and a filmmaker as they lose themselves in a notorious murder case they are covering. Based on true events, a riveting account of the controversial case of a American student accused of murder in Italy. [D: Michael Winterbottom; A: Cara Delevingne, Kate Beckinsale, Daniel Brühl]

- `The Intern <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2361509/>`_ (2015; Comedy) 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovered that retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be. Seizing an opportunity to get back in the game, he becomes a senior intern at an online fashion site, founded and run by Jules Ostin. [D: Nancy Meyers; A: Anne Hathaway, Robert De Niro, Adam DeVine]

- `Time Lapse <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2669336/>`_ (2014; Sci-Fi, Thriller) Three friends discover a mysterious machine that takes pictures 24hrs into the future and conspire to use it for personal gain, until disturbing and dangerous images begin to develop. [D: Bradley King; A: Danielle Panabaker, Matt O'Leary, George Finn]

- `A Perfect Day <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3577624/>`_ (2015; Drama) A group of aid workers work to resolve a crisis in an armed conflict zone. [D: Fernando León de Aranoa; A: Benicio Del Toro, Tim Robbins, Olga Kurylenko]

- `Crimson Peak <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2554274/>`_ (2015; Horror) In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds...and remembers. [D: Guillermo del Toro; A: Charlie Hunnam, Jessica Chastain, Tom Hiddleston]

- `Pixels <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2120120/>`_ (2015; Action, Comedy) As kids in the 1980s, Sam Brenner (Adam Sandler), Will Cooper (Kevin James), Ludlow Lamonsoff (Josh Gad), and Eddie "The Fire Blaster" Plant (Peter Dinklage) saved the world thousands of times - at 25 cents a game in the video arcades. Now, they're going to have to do it for real. In Pixels, when intergalactic aliens discover video feeds of classic arcade games and misinterpret them as a declaration of war, they attack the Earth, using the video games as the models for their assaults -- and now-U.S. President Cooper must call on his old-school arcade friends to save the world from being destroyed by PAC-MAN, Donkey Kong, Galaga, Centipede, and Space Invaders. Joining them is Lt. Col. Violet Van Patten (Michelle Monaghan), a specialist supplying the arcaders with unique weapons to fight the aliens. [D: Chris Columbus; A: Peter Dinklage, Adam Sandler, Michelle Monaghan]

- `Regression <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3319920/>`_ (2015; Thriller) A young girl is sexually abused by her father. Thus, begins the disturbing tale of a father and daughter torn apart, thrown into the center of a conspiracy that shocks the nation. [D: Alejandro Amenábar; A: Emma Watson, Ethan Hawke, David Thewlis]

- `Space Station 76 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2369317/>`_ (2014; Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi) Space Station 76 is a refueling satellite near an alternate-reality Earth, circa 1976. Jessica arrives to serve as the station's new first mate. While she narrates a piece about how she likes the predictability of asteroids, some placidly drifting asteroids are shown colliding in chain-reaction fashion. While at first the station appears normal and the people friendly, Jessica soon discovers that the people on board have issues due to the isolation and stress of being cooped up with one another in a relatively small space far from Earth. This is in addition the usual problems people struggle with, such as infidelity, loneliness, depression, and drug abuse. She tries to make friends and fit in, but, unable to connect meaningfully with anyone, she becomes lonely. She's baffled and disillusioned by the stiff and irritable Captain Glenn, who harbors secrets of his own. She finds herself drawn to Ted, a lonely, married crewman, and his 7 year-old daughter, Sunshine. Ted yearns to reconnect with his unhappy, medicated wife, Misty, but she's too far gone to respond and is driving him away. His daughter Sunshine contends with her unhappy, mentally ill mother and her own isolation issues. Events finally come to a head at a Christmas party when a rapidly unhinging Misty decides everyone needs to play the "Truth Game." Just when it seems like everything's falling apart, a celestial event shakes everyone to their core, reminding them what their real priorities in life should be. [D: Jack Plotnick; A: Patrick Wilson, Liv Tyler, Marisa Coughlan]

- `The Gunman <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2515034/>`_ (2015; Action, Crime, Drama, Mystery, Thriller) A sniper on a mercenary assassination team, working for an unknown client, kills the minister of mines of the Congo. Terrier's (Sean Penn's) successful kill shot forces him to go into hiding to protect himself and the members of the team from retribution. This includes abruptly abandoning his girlfriend who has no idea what is going on. The assassination, paid for by a foreign mining company, triggers wide spread chaos and death in an already inflamed Congo. Terrier returns to the Congo years later working for an NGO, but eventually finds himself to be the target of a paid hit squad somehow connected to the ministers assassination. This leads to immediate deaths and the endangerment of the people working around him, and forces him back into hiding. In trying to discover who has put a price on his head, he begins to reconnect to the members of his old assassination team, including his old girlfriend. Always aware there is no path to redemption for his crimes, he is also periodically incapacitated by a type of accumulated and evolving physical brain damage caused by the hard knocks of his occupation. Unexpectedly, given the time that has elapsed, his reconnection to his old assassination team exposes additional intrigues with immediate deadly consequences. All of his years spent in hiding, have merely delayed the twisted end game that now enfolds. [D: Pierre Morel; A: Sean Penn, Jasmine Trinca, Javier Bardem]

- `The Man from U.N.C.L.E. <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1638355/>`_ (2015; Action, Adventure, Comedy) In the early 1960s, CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB operative Illya Kuryakin participate in a joint mission against a mysterious criminal organization, which is working to proliferate nuclear weapons. [D: Guy Ritchie; A: Alicia Vikander, Henry Cavill, Armie Hammer]

- `The Zero Theorem <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2333804/>`_ (2013; Drama, Fantasy, Sci-Fi) A hugely talented but socially isolated computer operator is tasked by Management to prove the Zero Theorem: that the universe ends as nothing, rendering life meaningless. But meaning is what he already craves. [D: Terry Gilliam; A: Christoph Waltz, Gwendoline Christie, Rupert Friend]

Finalmente, el conteo de pendientes por fecha::

    (Mar-2010)    4
    (Sep-2010)   18   9   2   1
    (Dic-2010)   12  12   5   1
    (Abr-2011)   23  23  22  17   4
    (Ago-2011)   11  11  11  11  11   4
    (Ene-2012)   18  17  17  17  17  11   3
    (Jul-2012)   15  15  15  15  15  14  11
    (Nov-2012)   12  12  11  11  11  11  11   6
    (Feb-2013)       19  19  16  15  14  14   8   2
    (Jun-2013)           19  18  16  15  15  15  11   2
    (Sep-2013)               18  18  18  18  17  16   8
    (Dic-2013)                   14  14  12  12  12  12
    (Abr-2014)                        9   9   8   8   8
    (Jul-2014)                           10  10  10  10
    (Nov-2014)                               24  22  22
    (Feb-2015)                                   13  13
    (Jun-2015)                                       16
    Total:      113 118 121 125 121 110 103 100  94  91
