.. title: Resumen veraniego de películas
.. date: 2017-02-18 14:38:31
.. tags: resumen, veraniego, películas

Muchas, muchas películas vistas. Igual no entro en ritmo en ver más; estoy complicado en encontrar ese par de horas en que los niños están tranquilos y yo no estoy muy cansado :p

- `Alice Through the Looking Glass <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2567026/>`_: +0. Divertida, un flash, pero tampoco mucho más que una colección de momentos interesantes.

- `All Is Lost <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2017038/>`_: -0. La supervivencia de alguien con una seguidilla de malas suertes; mirala sólo si te interesa esto de "estar solo y sobrevivir como se pueda".

- `Captain America: Civil War <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3498820/>`_: +0. La típica pelea entre superheroes, pero no se me hizo pesada; de bonus tiene una temática interesante de pensar, sobre el control de gobiernos sobre las armas.

- `Clouds of Sils Maria <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2452254/>`_: -0. Aunque tiene muchas charlas interesantes, la historia en sí no tiene ritmo, y no va a ningún lado.

- `Danny Collins <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1772288/>`_: +0. Linda historia, no del todo esperado lo que sucede, emotiva, bien armada.

- `El Ardor <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1384925/>`_: +0. Buena la historia, buena la ambientación, y creo que muestra bien una realidad que conocemos muy poco.

- `Ex Machina <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0470752/>`_: -0. No me gustó, pero no sé bien por qué. ¿Le faltó suspenso? ¿Muy plana? Lo que plantean a nivel inteligencia artificial está bien, sin embargo (me hubiese gustado más profundidad, pero bueno, es una película para las masas, no un documental).

- `Fantastic Four <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1502712/>`_: -0. Un punto de vista diferente del clásico, pero bleh.

- `Home Sweet Hell <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2802136/>`_: -0. Con sus partes muy graciosas, pero la historia no llega a ser.

- `La Vénus â la fourrure <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2406252/>`_: +1. La dinámica entre dos personas, la linea entre la realidad y la ficción. Me encantó.

- `Laggies <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2034031/>`_: +0. Apenas lenta, pero buena historia, buen desarrollo, me gustó como muestra la evolución de la decisión del personaje principal.

- `Match <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2637378/>`_: +0. Linda historia, buenas actuaciones. Potente.

- `Nina <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0493076/>`_: +1. Mis más grandes respetos para Zoe Saldaña. Maravillosa. Deslumbrante. Me gustaría saber qué piensa una o un fan de Nina Simone sobre esta película.

- `Pan <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3332064/>`_: -0. Una versión distinta del clásico, bastante renovada, no me llegó a atrapar.

- `Pixels <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2120120/>`_: +0. Divertida y pasatista, me gustó estando Adam Sandler y todo. Tampoco es la gran cosa, eh, pero es más que nada piola en función de los videojuegos viejos...

- `Predestination <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2397535/>`_: +1. Muy buena historia, no vas entendiendo de qué va hasta que te enroscó y después ya caiste en la (buena) trampa.

- `Stealing Beauty <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117737/>`_: -0. Una linda historia, una maravillosa fotografía, pero le falta "consistencia", es muy etérea, no sé. Y lenta.

- `The November Man <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2402157/>`_: -0. Una de acción y espías wannabe, no mucho.

- `The Right Kind of Wrong <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2286990/>`_: +0. Sólo una comedia romántica, pasatista, pero divertida.

- `Time Lapse <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2669336/>`_: +1. LA historia no es muy profunda, pero maneja muy bien la temporalidad (o los saltos en la misma...).

- `Under the Skin <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1441395/>`_: -1. Hay una historia, ahí, pero la película es EXTREMADAMENTE lenta :(.

- `VANish <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3058674/>`_: -0. Bruta, violenta, y cruda. Pero nada más.

- `Vice <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3480796/>`_: -0. Con algunos dejos de temática interesante, en la que podrían haber incursionado sobre la parte conceptual de los robots, pero la película va por otro lado.

Un montonazo para ver! Y eso que no estoy encontrando un buen lugar para enterarme de los trailers que van saliendo. Por ahora estoy usando `este canal de YouTube <https://www.youtube.com/user/FilmTrailerZone/videos?sort=dd&amp;flow=list&amp;view=0>`_, pero no tiene todo. Me sugirieron `IMDb <http://www.imdb.com/trailers>`_, también, pero aunque tiene algunas cosas que el otro no, tiene muy poco y no parece estar del todo bien ordenado.

- `Amateur <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5196660/>`_ (2016; Thriller) Martin (Esteban Lamothe) is a lonely television director, who becomes obsessed with his neighbor, Isabel (Jazmin Stuart), when he finds an amateur porn video in which she participates. But Isabel is the wife of Battaglia (Alejandro Awada), the owner of the television station where Martin works. As a strange love encounter takes place between Martin and Isabel, he discovers a secret that puts them both in danger. [D: Sebastian Perillo; A: Alejandro Awada, Esteban Lamothe, Jazmín Stuart]

- `Blade Runner 2049 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1856101/>`_ (2017; Sci-Fi) Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling), unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. [D: Denis Villeneuve; A: Ryan Gosling, Ana de Armas, Jared Leto]

- `Colossal <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4680182/>`_ (2016; Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller) A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering. [D: Nacho Vigalondo; A: Dan Stevens, Anne Hathaway, Jason Sudeikis]

- `DxM <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3625516/>`_ (2015; Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller) A group of brilliant young students discover the greatest scientific breakthrough of all time: a wireless neural network, connected via a quantum computer, capable of linking the minds of each and every one of us. They realise that quantum theory can be used to transfer motor-skills from one brain to another, a first shareware for human motor-skills. They freely spread this technology, believing it to be a first step towards a new equality and intellectual freedom. But they soon discover that they themselves are part of a much greater and more sinister experiment as dark forces emerge that threaten to subvert this technology into a means of mass-control. MindGamers takes the mind-bender thriller to the next level with an immersive narrative and breath-taking action. [D: Andrew Goth; A: Dominique Tipper, Sam Neill, Tom Payne]

- `Elle <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3716530/>`_ (2016; Comedy, Drama, Thriller) Michêle seems indestructible. Head of a successful video game company, she brings the same ruthless attitude to her love life as to business. Being attacked in her home by an unknown assailant changes Michêle's life forever. When she resolutely tracks the man down, they are both drawn into a curious and thrilling game-a game that may, at any moment, spiral out of control. [D: Paul Verhoeven; A: Isabelle Huppert, Laurent Lafitte, Anne Consigny]

- `Frank & Lola <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1290138/>`_ (2016; Crime, Drama, Mystery, Romance, Thriller) A psychosexual noir love story, set in Las Vegas and Paris, about love, obsession, sex, betrayal, revenge and, ultimately, the search for redemption. [D: Matthew Ross; A: Imogen Poots, Michael Shannon, Michael Nyqvist]

- `Ghost in the Shell <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1219827/>`_ (2017; Action, Drama, Sci-Fi, Thriller) Based on the internationally acclaimed sci-fi manga series, "Ghost in the Shell" follows the Major, a special ops, one-of-a-kind human cyborg hybrid, who leads the elite task force Section 9. Devoted to stopping the most dangerous criminals and extremists, Section 9 is faced with an enemy whose singular goal is to wipe out Hanka Robotic's advancements in cyber technology. [D: Rupert Sanders; A: Scarlett Johansson, Michael Pitt, Michael Wincott]

- `Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3896198/>`_ (2017; Action, Sci-Fi) Set to the backdrop of 'Awesome Mixtape #2,' Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 continues the team's adventures as they traverse the outer reaches of the cosmos. The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage. Old foes become new allies and fan-favorite characters from the classic comics will come to our heroes' aid as the Marvel cinematic universe continues to expand. [D: James Gunn; A: Chris Sullivan, Pom Klementieff, Chris Pratt]

- `Kiki, el amor se hace <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4922692/>`_ (2016; Comedy) Through five stories, the movie addresses sex and love: Paco and Ana are a marriage looking for reactivate the passion of their sexual relations, long time unsatisfied; Jose Luis tries to recover the affections of his wife Paloma, sit down on a wheelchair after an accident which has limited her mobility; M° Candelaria and Antonio are a marriage trying by all way to be parents, but she has the trouble that no get an orgasm when make love with him; Álex try to satisfy Natalia's fantasies, while she starts to doubt if he finally will ask her in marriage; and finally, Sandra is a single woman in a permanent searching for a man to fall in love. All them love, fear, live and explore their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness. [D: Paco León; A: Natalia de Molina, Álex García, Jacobo Sánchez]

- `Life <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5442430/>`_ (2017; Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller) Six astronauts aboard the space station study a sample collected from Mars that could provide evidence for extraterrestrial life on the Red Planet. The crew determines that the sample contains a large, single-celled organism - the first example of life beyond Earth. But..things aren't always what they seem. As the crew begins to conduct research, and their methods end up having unintended consequences, the life form proves more intelligent than anyone ever expected. [D: Daniel Espinosa; A: Rebecca Ferguson, Jake Gyllenhaal, Ryan Reynolds]

- `Little Murder <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1493815/>`_ (2011; Crime, Drama, Thriller) In post-Katrina New Orleans, a disgraced detective encounters the ghost of a murdered woman who wants to help him identify her killer. [D: Predrag Antonijevic; A: Josh Lucas, Terrence Howard, Lake Bell]

- `Logan <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3315342/>`_ (2017; Action, Drama, Sci-Fi) In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hide out on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are up-ended when a young mutant arrives, being pursued by dark forces. [D: James Mangold; A: Doris Morgado, Hugh Jackman, Dafne Keen]

- `Passengers <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1355644/>`_ (2016; Adventure, Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi) The spaceship, Starship Avalon, in its 120-year voyage to a distant colony planet known as the "Homestead Colony" and transporting 5,258 people has a malfunction in one of its sleep chambers. As a result one hibernation pod opens prematurely and the one person that awakes, Jim Preston (Chris Pratt) is stranded on the spaceship, still 90 years from his destination. [D: Morten Tyldum; A: Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, Michael Sheen]

- `Personal Shopper <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4714782/>`_ (2016; Drama, Mystery, Thriller) Revolves around a ghost story that takes place in the fashion underworld of Paris. [D: Olivier Assayas; A: Kristen Stewart, Lars Eidinger, Sigrid Bouaziz]

- `Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1790809/>`_ (2017; Action, Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy) Captain Jack Sparrow finds the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost pirates led by his old nemesis, the terrifying Captain Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle, determined to kill every pirate at sea...including him. Captain Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, a powerful artifact that bestows upon its possessor total control over the seas. [D: Joachim Ronning, Espen Sandberg; A: Kaya Scodelario, Johnny Depp, Javier Bardem]

- `Spider-Man: Homecoming <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2250912/>`_ (2017; Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi) A young Peter Parker/Spider-Man, who made his sensational debut in Captain America: Civil War, begins to navigate his newfound identity as the web-slinging superhero in Spider-Man: Homecoming. Thrilled by his experience with the Avengers, Peter returns home, where he lives with his Aunt May, under the watchful eye of his new mentor Tony Stark, Peter tries to fall back into his normal daily routine - distracted by thoughts of proving himself to be more than just your freindly neighborhood Spider-Man - but when the Vulture emerges as a new villain, everything that Peter holds most important will be threatened. [D: Jon Watts; A: Robert Downey Jr., Tom Holland, Angourie Rice]

- `T2 Trainspotting <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2763304/>`_ (2017; Comedy, Drama) First there was an opportunity......then there was a betrayal. Twenty years have gone by. Much has changed but just as much remains the same. Mark Renton (Ewan McGregor) returns to the only place he can ever call home. They are waiting for him: Spud (Ewen Bremner), Sick Boy (Jonny Lee Miller), and Begbie (Robert Carlyle). Other old friends are waiting too: sorrow, loss, joy, vengeance, hatred, friendship, love, longing, fear, regret, diamorphine, self-destruction and mortal danger, they are all lined up to welcome him, ready to join the dance. [D: Danny Boyle; A: Ewan McGregor, Logan Gillies, Ben Skelton]

- `The Discovery <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5155780/>`_ (2017; Romance, Sci-Fi) Writer-director Charlie McDowell returns to Sundance this year with a thriller about a scientist (played by Robert Redford) who uncovers scientific proof that there is indeed an afterlife. His son is portrayed by Jason Segel, who's not too sure about his father's "discovery", and Rooney Mara plays a mystery woman who has her own reasons for wanting to find out more about the afterlife. [D: Charlie McDowell; A: Rooney Mara, Riley Keough, Robert Redford]

- `The Whole Truth <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3503406/>`_ (2016; Drama, Thriller) Defense attorney Richard Ramsay takes on a personal case when he swears to his widowed friend, Loretta Lassiter, that he will keep her son Mike out of prison. Charged with murdering his father, Mike initially confesses to the crime. But as the trial proceeds, chilling evidence about the kind of man that Boone Lassiter really was comes to light. While Ramsay uses the evidence to get his client acquitted, his new colleague Janelle tries to dig deeper - and begins to realize that the whole truth is something she alone can uncover. [D: Courtney Hunt; A: Keanu Reeves, Renée Zellweger, Gugu Mbatha-Raw]

- `The Comedian <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1967614/>`_ (2016; Comedy) A look at the life of an aging insult comic named Jack Burke. [D: Taylor Hackford; A: Robert De Niro, Leslie Mann, Harvey Keitel]

- `The Mummy <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2345759/>`_ (2017; Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Horror) Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient princess whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension. [D: Alex Kurtzman; A: Tom Cruise, Sofia Boutella, Russell Crowe]

- `Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2239822/>`_ (2017; Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi) Rooted in the classic graphic novel series, Valerian and Laureline- visionary writer/director Luc Besson advances this iconic source material into a contemporary, unique and epic science fiction saga. Valerian (Dane DeHaan) and Laureline (Cara Delevingne) are special operatives for the government of the human territories charged with maintaining order throughout the universe. Valerian has more in mind than a professional relationship with his partner- blatantly chasing after her with propositions of romance. But his extensive history with women, and her traditional values, drive Laureline to continuously rebuff him. Under directive from their Commander (Clive Owen), Valerian and Laureline embark on a mission to the breathtaking intergalactic city of Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis comprised of thousands of different species from all four corners of the universe. Alpha's seventeen million inhabitants have converged over time- uniting their talents, technology and resources for the betterment of all. Unfortunately, not everyone on Alpha shares in these same objectives; in fact, unseen forces are at work, placing our race in great danger. [D: Luc Besson; A: Dane DeHaan, Cara Delevingne, Ethan Hawke]

- `Vampyres <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3654680/>`_ (2015; Horror) Faithful to the sexy, twisted 1974 cult classic by Joseph Larraz, Vampyres is an English-language remake pulsating with raw eroticism, wicked sado-masochism and bloody, creative gore. Victor Matellano (Wax (2014, Zarpazos! A Journey through Spanish Horror, 2013) directs this tale set in a stately English manor inhabited by two older female vampires and with their only cohabitant being a man imprisoned in the basement. Their lives and lifestyle are upended when a trio of campers come upon their lair and seek to uncover their dark secrets, a decision that has sexual and blood-curdling consequences. [D: Víctor Matellano; A: Marta Flich, Almudena León, Alina Nastase]

- `Zero Days <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5446858/>`_ (2016; Documentary) Documentary detailing claims of American/Israeli jointly developed malware Stuxnet being deployed not only to destroy Iranian enrichment centrifuges but also threaten attacks against Iranian civilian infrastructure. Adresses obvious potential blowback of this possibly being deployed against the US by Iran in retaliation. [D: Alex Gibney; A: David Sanger, Emad Kiyaei, Eric Chien]

- `Collateral Beauty <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4682786/>`_ (2016; Drama, Romance) When a successful New York advertising executive suffers a great tragedy, he retreats from life. While his concerned friends try desperately to reconnect with him, he seeks answers from the universe by writing letters to Love, Time and Death. But it's not until his notes bring unexpected personal responses that he begins to understand how these constants interlock in a life fully lived, and how even the deepest loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty [D: David Frankel; A: Will Smith, Edward Norton, Kate Winslet]

- `Passage to Mars <http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3190158/>`_ (2016; Documentary, Adventure) The journals of a true NASA Arctic expedition unveils the adventure of a six-man crew's aboard an experimental vehicle designed to prepare the first human exploration of Mars. A voyage of fears and survival, hopes and dreams, through the beauties and the deadly dangers of two worlds: the High Arctic and Mars, a planet that might hide the secret of our origins. [D: Jean-Christophe Jeauffre; A: Zachary Quinto, Charlotte Rampling, Pascal Lee]

Finalmente, el conteo de pendientes por fecha::

    (Abr-2011)    4
    (Ago-2011)   11   4
    (Ene-2012)   17  11   3
    (Jul-2012)   15  14  11
    (Nov-2012)   11  11  11   6
    (Feb-2013)   15  14  14   8   2
    (Jun-2013)   16  15  15  15  11   2
    (Sep-2013)   18  18  18  17  16   8
    (Dic-2013)   14  14  12  12  12  12   4
    (Abr-2014)        9   9   8   8   8   3
    (Jul-2014)           10  10  10  10  10   5   1
    (Nov-2014)               24  22  22  22  22   7
    (Feb-2015)                   13  13  13  13  10
    (Jun-2015)                       16  16  15  13  11
    (Dic-2015)                           21  19  19  18
    (May-2016)                               26  25  23
    (Sep-2016)                                   19  19
    (Feb-2017)                                       26
    Total:      121 110 103 100  94  91  89 100  94  97
